Missing information about time periods (#5453)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.10/monitoring/basic-objects/timeperiods.md

To configure a time period, go to **Configuration \> Users \> Time periods**.

> The button to the left of the description of each time period lets us visualize the active timeframes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The button to the left of the description of each time period shows the active timeframes.
```
